like George said this is our seven
thousand five years stand through the
good times and the bad times we've
managed to stay together as a family
boss okay I'm not going to argue with
that logic
I've been working on something big
somebody just bought the old Hotel del
Sol I like that we are the proud new
owners of the Hotel del Sol Donald
Martin and Alex Stein were sentenced to
20 years in prison
the money was never found
better Donnell Martin was released from
prison today she's definitely gonna take
I got a bad feeling about this throw it
you find that money belongs to the
newspaper look at me
so what's trying to get me money Sam
it's probably just this old creepy
building
trying to find a place to hide anyway
other
cool man it's all good